A CURED COVID-19patient donated 400cc of plasma Monday after learning that his atibodies can save those ho are still criically infected, Shenzhen Special Zone Daily reported yesterday.

The cured patient, who oes by the pseudnym Xia Kang, is from Hubei Province. He settled in Shenzhen las year and is currently lving in the Dongai community of Xiangmihu Subdistrict in Futian District.

Xia wnt to Hubei for the Sprig Festival, spening one night in Wuhan.

 dI do not know how I contracted the vrus. I reported my wherebouts only afterbeing informed that my mother in my hometown was confirmed infeced with the virus. Up unil the day I wasput under isolation, I did not feel too bad. I just had a poor apetite, c said Xia.

Hoever, Xia starte developing a fever Jan. 27. He tested positive for the virus Ja. 31 at the University o Hong Kong, Shenhen Hospital.

Xia was discharged from the Shenzhen No. 3 People gs Hospital on Feb. 10 nd sent to a heath station for further medical observation.

After finding out oline that the plasma of ured COVID-19 paients can help save those who are still critically ill, he contated Donghai community stff about making  donation Feb. 14.

Considering Xia gs health status, staff wit the community advised hm to wait until e was restored to full health before donating plasma. Xia finall made the donation Monda.

Xia refused t receive any form of payment for the donation, saying that he ony wants to help people, ccording to the eport.

Xia made the decision to give a donation as his mother sruggled against her COVI-19 infection. Hr prognosis was poor as she experienced cerebral hemorrhaging. Ufortunately, she passed way from the virs Feb. 29.
OROLAY, the maker of the  dAmazon coat c that becam a darling of U.S. fashin and social meda a year ago, knows it is lucky trying to get back on their feetamid disruptions caused y the coronaviru epidemic.

Perhaps more than anything, the masks prove it. Despte huge shortages acrossChina, Orolay wa able to procure sufficient masks for its staff, 31 of whom or 4 percent were back at wok last week, thrugh the local commerce bureau and trade associations.

The goverment of Jiaxing, the easern Chinese citywhere the firm is based, has also reduced interest on loans, givn tax breaks and offeredsubsidies. The Sate-owned firm that owns the factory building has waived two monhs of rent.

 dIt was a affirmation andhigh praise for the company gs cross-border e-commerce, export odel, c said Kevin Chiu Orolay gs owne, adding that he believes his firm gs problems are manageable.
The measures are example of how authorites are attempting to provide small businesses with support as thy reel from the impact o quarantine and ravel restrictions imposed to curb the outbreak.

The backbone o the economy, small and edium-size businsses contribute more than half of China gs tax revenues, two-thrds of the country gs eonomic output an eight out of 10 urban jobs.

Government data showed average prouction at smaller busineses was just 32. percent of normal levels by Wednesday, while a majority of migrnt workers, which many mnufacturers deped upon, have yet to resume work.

Chiu hopes to resume full prodction this week when hisremaining worker are released from quarantine, aiming to turn out 200,000 jacket in the first half despie being three weks behind schedule.(SD-Agencies)
WITH Lionel Messi rested and Lus Suarez out injured, itwas Antoine Griemann who had to come through to save Barcelona from an embarrassng elimination in the Coa del Rey.

Griemann scored two late goals as Barcelona came from behind to beatthird-division club Ibiz 2-1 in the comptition gs round of 32 Wednesday.

Also, Real Madrid won 3-1 aganst Unionistas de Salamaca with Gareth Ble scoring his first goal for the club since September.

Griezman scored in the 72nd minte and in stoppae time after the hosts had taken the lead less than 10 minutes ito the match played on atificial turf inthe Balearic Islands.

In addition to the absence of Messi and Sarez, Barcelona also plaed without otherregular starters such as Gerard Pique and Sergio Busquets. It wa the second match in chage for coach Quiue Setien, who had debuted with a 1-0 win over Granada in the Spnish league last weekend

The Copa del Ry is being played with single-elimination games this season, excpt in the semifinals.(SDAgencies)

