A CURED COVID-19 patient donated 400cc of plasma Monday after learning that his antibodies can save those who are still critically infected, Shenzhen Special Zone Daily reported yesterday.

The cured patient, who goes by the pseudonym Xia Kang, is from Hubei Province. He settled in Shenzhen last year and is currently living in the Donghai community of Xiangmihu Subdistrict in Futian District.

Xia went to Hubei for the Spring Festival, spending one night in Wuhan.

“I do not know how I contracted the virus. I reported my whereabouts only after being informed that my mother in my hometown was confirmed infected with the virus. Up until the day I was put under isolation, I did not feel too bad. I just had a poor appetite,” said Xia.

However, Xia started developing a fever Jan. 27. He tested positive for the virus Jan. 31 at the University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen Hospital.

Xia was discharged from the Shenzhen No. 3 People’s Hospital on Feb. 10 and sent to a health station for further medical observation.

After finding out online that the plasma of cured COVID-19 patients can help save those who are still critically ill, he contacted Donghai community staff about making a donation Feb. 14.

Considering Xia’s health status, staff with the community advised him to wait until he was restored to full health before donating plasma. Xia finally made the donation Monday.

Xia refused to receive any form of payment for the donation, saying that he only wants to help people, according to the report.

Xia made the decision to give a donation as his mother struggled against her COVID-19 infection. Her prognosis was poor as she experienced cerebral hemorrhaging. Unfortunately, she passed away from the virus Feb. 29.
OROLAY, the maker of the “Amazon coat” that became a darling of U.S. fashion and social media a year ago, knows it is lucky trying to get back on their feet amid disruptions caused by the coronavirus epidemic.

Perhaps more than anything, the masks prove it. Despite huge shortages across China, Orolay was able to procure sufficient masks for its staff, 31 of whom or 40 percent were back at work last week, through the local commerce bureau and trade associations.

The government of Jiaxing, the eastern Chinese city where the firm is based, has also reduced interest on loans, given tax breaks and offered subsidies. The State-owned firm that owns the factory building has waived two months of rent.

“It was an affirmation and high praise for the company’s cross-border e-commerce, export model,” said Kevin Chiu, Orolay’s owner, adding that he believes his firm’s problems are manageable.

The measures are examples of how authorities are attempting to provide small businesses with support as they reel from the impact of quarantine and travel restrictions imposed to curb the outbreak.

The backbone of the economy, small and medium-size businesses contribute more than half of China’s tax revenues, two-thirds of the country’s economic output and eight out of 10 urban jobs.

Government data showed average production at smaller businesses was just 32.8 percent of normal levels by Wednesday, while a majority of migrant workers, which many manufacturers depend upon, have yet to resume work.

Chiu hopes to resume full production this week when his remaining workers are released from quarantine, aiming to turn out 200,000 jackets in the first half despite being three weeks behind schedule.(SD-Agencies)
WITH Lionel Messi rested and Luis Suarez out injured, it was Antoine Griezmann who had to come through to save Barcelona from an embarrassing elimination in the Copa del Rey.

Griezmann scored two late goals as Barcelona came from behind to beat third-division club Ibiza 2-1 in the competition’s round of 32 Wednesday.

Also, Real Madrid won 3-1 against Unionistas de Salamanca with Gareth Bale scoring his first goal for the club since September.

Griezmann scored in the 72nd minute and in stoppage time after the hosts had taken the lead less than 10 minutes into the match played on artificial turf in the Balearic Islands.

In addition to the absence of Messi and Suarez, Barcelona also played without other regular starters such as Gerard Pique and Sergio Busquets. It was the second match in charge for coach Quique Setien, who had debuted with a 1-0 win over Granada in the Spanish league last weekend.

The Copa del Rey is being played with single-elimination games this season, except in the semifinals.(SD-Agencies)

